So
i have not do you think it's a little bit weird if I
just some random girl you met roughly a year ago who thought
You were cute. Messaged you still and keeps trying.
Honestly, me too
but especially if he has
Like...
No other like girls or especially if he doesn't have a roster
You know and he only he is like less than 150 followers
Yeah.
Bro he has a sunset profile picture, I don't think.
umm
What if he's like
Oh, I don't really like her though, but then she doesn't want to block
me so that's why he's like dry
But what if it's because he doesn't want to be rude?
Wait, me too. Me too. Wait, I...
If I was him and if I didn't like myself...
I would have blocked myself at this point, not gonna lie, because it's not like I'm gonna sleep.
No, but that's such a bad mindset though, it's like
Do you think it's weird that I keep making the first move?
Really?
Because there's no mutual moves, you know
Scared.
Would you be even more scared?
W-O-R-O, yeah
Okay, let's let's draft a message then so
I wish lamp could just drop right now. So I'm like, oh jeez
new live album they dropped in 2024
But that was the first time they dropped in like over a decade I think.
Yeah, I don't think they're gonna drop anytime soon.
No, but then don't you think
i would sound like one of those guys that are like wow
If you like Bruno Mars, name me two songs right now.
You know what I mean? Have you ever met someone like that? I have. Oh, I mean, no I haven't.
Thank you.
yeah, No, what if what if lock in with me right what is
He's posting it because he was like, oh this girl likes
This artist may be some other girl.
who he's plotting on will also like this artist.hmmm
I don't think you're losing.
Maybe you're a loser at heart, I think.
Thank you. I know you're lying.
Really?
I know you mean I think amongst  everyone at this table
Kumaar looks the most loser coded.
He looks like he's destined to be in Shabol. hahaha
Yeah
Right? No, like sharing a bowl.
That was like a whole loser outfit.
Soul loser energy.
but but during the glow up photo
Um, you know, that was very not loser-toted, you know what I mean?
you
uh huh yeah totally not tricking at all
I completely agree. And...
I 100% agree with you. causee
We're definitely soulmates in another universe.
This would do.hmmhm
I just need to keep applying pressure, huh? Yeah.
uh huh